and
We arrived after my work in the park
family walk park called hair
the prince is the keys here the park on the shore
Ocean Bay is precisely civilized
beautiful very well groomed now show
playground parking huge for
my back
machine found arbor is worth
but we go there then replenish one toilet in
the park of course is
America still here know that
people love to write and how is it necessary to
they did not hesitate to come up with them here
toilet in the park he is not the only one here
I think that today he is the only one
open because everyone is open only
weekends and holidays the toilet will be
open in any park in the most massive
well, for example, near the nursery
platforms like here
Immediately it is clear that the Florida plate is
squeezed out though the playground doesn't seem
coating on the site here is very cool
call it soft asphalt do not know I can be seen
but he is being forced
suddenly a lump fell
i can
but
as
Russian
although there is such an area under a canopy for
celebration holiday kebab my and
wipe up
here are the grill or barbecue here
but skewers in our course of course not
do as they are open
Well, you can easily fry the patties
homemade sausage hamburger
You see all my friends wanted so much
to make
you can not do
in general, it was not always a park
was once a private area
family ownership
wolf the honor of which we call fork
here and so much looked the resort
until year 26 until 1926 and now they will be
look at what has evolved from these
years on how not cared nothing for him
snug fish are introduced into
gulf of mexico
now she is looking out for someone
this predator is this trifle around
any
and he treats as if algae and
you can't fish here, and you can't
fishing is it fair
look at this one
imagine most of the park all
still closed for renovation i was
I'm sure that since October I’m not home
everyone will finish but they still work still
from the construction site you can not steal
some kind of horror reconstructs the tower for
views of the gulf of mexico and
park territory and and
some bad man set on fire
September 11, 2013
she was burning very badly here and
beautifully burned down completely and now
they reconstruct in order to
again we could enjoy the whole
beauty
this area
so what should be continued sometime
later bye